The game was actually already after 20
minutes to end for us but the
team has fortunately a moral
shown and the fans conveyed that
even with the clear residue ready
is everything to give
It turned out very well because she
then did not do well in the
second half, of course, clearest
Do not miss opportunities
already over 70
someday the equalizer
The chances were there
drink to the gate 10
even then she does not hang herself
and still gets right up to 3 2 has
another three minutes but that was still
obviously too late after the 0 2 itself
It takes a few minutes to get there
sure to find it was a little uneasy
the stadium but we have always
again possibilities but we have gas
also given a second half
even after the 0 3 we are always
have run again the pace
We were held high by many
opportunities are thereby created
one or the other situation that
luck is missing but many good ones
but there are clear we may
Of course we do not get two goals
in your own stadium and then it will be
Of course, such a game is difficult
win
I actually felt good
that's not how I can really do it
Of course, I can only do it at the
apologize fans the gamblers he was
I clearly have my own business
just want to stand and check off like that
it happens so it is when I have one
Mistakes are most of the time today
It was twice like that and we'll do that
Nevertheless, we now want the reproach
do it first
the one who maybe mistakes behind
Does he lead to death or the year old
the front clearest chances are not
But he makes his position
a mistake and my theory that
lessons are always a bit cabin
certainly not happy at the
both actions but not so great
other people already shown
there are always days out here
the shit on the foot as they say so beautiful
and this time we have to go through it
straighten up again and the next game
comes faster than we can watch
proves that we are full as a team
and behind him are certainly standing
as a goalkeeper if you have a mistake
doing
you see you look bad he has
It was a first half
a little bit unhappy though
so some points to be saved and how
Said we stand behind them yes
Today I think so
little bit of luck was missing the goalkeeper
I always thought that was the right way to go
a good game and yes
said there were enough there I have to
must play out my chance
The team has a clear advantage
after the early 0 2 residue is that
Do not just go back to the game
communicate that well done anyway
when of course his two hintendran
In the back then I am already a role model
have come back again and
ultimately until the last second
could also have gotten a point
that's not what I am doing right now
grieved when we 0 3 home
it is even worse but we are clear
of course we want to play at home
win and win today
we climbed right and that's it
what a pity if you have the
possibility then by a through the
win by the home win times right
create a leap yes
strangely never but how do you come
back sometime you have that
seen today plays we come back
always get in the table too
back though again
if we had a defeat when
all here then say for the sake of God
then we come back but we
never do it in a row
away and that's annoying stupid game
Today have been two stupid goals
the gates was not made after
then return safely are there
you have to be happy then if
at least until the last second
can keep the game open now
probably very big so if you are
See what you want to get there
are not easy opponents and play
was a very important game for us
it was clear from the outset that we were us
unfortunately we did not do that
but I can still implement
One hundred percent trust in this
team
we have a great rest program for you
now even felix big falls
remaining preliminary round out because one
tearing in the knee was noted
nils also falls sebastian prödl falls
anyway it is about the complete
preliminary round that is bitter that the right one
but if we can do so
keep like today after the residue
become
Score the team is intact
a team as I said again and again
come back because we do not sow